2015-05-22

Fri, 22 May 2015 11:56:20
=======================

discussed about using a spinning LIDAR for the disco-bot with Vivek Rajendran.
Conclusion: Yes. It is feasible and it will eliminate the unreliable ultrasonic sensors for detecting overhangs and stuffs. 
* Came to know about the hokuyo library: <http://sourceforge.net/p/urgnetwork/wiki/Home/> and another URG library. The **hokuyo_node** and the **urg_node** is a ROS wrapper for one of these libs.

Fri, 22 May 2015 12:01:08
============================

Coming back to Jetson after analysing the feasibility of a spinning LIDAR on the Disco-Bot, I ran the OpenCV HOG detector on the Jetson. With CUDA, it ran at approx 3.3 FPS -4 FPS and without CUDA (on the CPU) it ran at about 1 FPS on the sample video 764x5xx.
Not very impressive.
Heading on to run it on my laptop (Dell inspiron 7537).

Fri, 22 May 2015 22:47:33
=================================

catchup: I couldn't solve the not-hibernating issue on my dell inspiron 7537 laptop running Ubuntu 14.04. I enabled the *hibernate* options, created a new swap partition at /swapfile, re-created it to be at-least the RAM's size of 16GB, still. `sudo pm-hibernate` will just turn off the screen, then I see some disk activity (the LED light indicating disk activity blinks and stays on for long) and then after few seconds, the lock screen comes up. It just does not HIBERNATE.
Fri, 22 May 2015 22:51:13
===============

@Home. Read about **Zoox** the autonomous car startup company and then about Anthony Levandowski and how he did the stuffs he did. :O.

Started reading about Caffee the Deep learning library. INTERESTING and seems *POP-able* (POP likes it and wants to modify and do something big with it).


