2015-06-19

Fri, 19 Jun 2015 09:55:31
=============================
Meeting today. Notes:

*After discussing the concept of operation of the receptionist robot last week, I broke down the system into small work packages. And then I started working on the face classification subsystem. I wrote a script which pulls images from the internet, finds faces in those images, crops the faces and saves it in a LMDB format. Then I used those images to train a classifier.I faced few problems while training the classifier. The Jetson was too slow to run it so I used my Laptop and since it takes a lot of time, I let it run over night during the last 3 days. But the laptop's temperature rose to 202 degree farenheit. This training was on few samples to test and tune the classifier I wrote. But since this process was taking long and also since we need a computer for the receptionist robot, I thought it would be better to get the GPU and the computer now so that we can save time during development. I am currently using all the 315 cores on my Laptop's GPU and it takes a very long time to train on a small subset.

Fri, 19 Jun 2015 15:56:18
==========================

Closing notes before the meeting. 
*Tried Sirum-Imm again. It always returns "sydney opera house" irrespective of the query. 
* Did git clone `https://github.com/MasteringOpenCV/code.git` and tried to evaluate how good the OpenCV's eigen and fisher face methods are (I know I have already done it in one my Qt projects. But still want to see if Imm can be replaced with this for the time being.). Chapter 8 Face rec.
* 
