2015-05-26

------------------------------------------------
######Quick note on how my **workDiary** process works######

1. Type **date** and press **Tab**. Today's date is inserted YYYY-MM-DD.
2. Use markdown to type. Anytime you need a timestamp, type **now** and press **tab**. 
3. Since the first line of the file is the date, when you do **Ctrl+s** or **Save**, the default name that sublime provides for the file is **Date**. Save the file as **date.md** in the **praveenofpersia.bitbucket.org/workDiary** folder.
4. To preview the .md file, press **Ctrl+Shift+p**, type **markdown preview**, press **enter** and choose **github** or **markdwon** to choose between _Github Flavoured Markdown (GFM)_ and plain _Markdown_. I choose _Markdown_.
5. The .md file can be built to generate a .html file by pressing **Ctrl+b**. This will generate a .html file in the same folder as the .md file that is currently open. 
6. Both and the **preview** and the **build** feature comes from the same **markdown preview (?)** sublime text package.
7. Done!

-------------------------------------------

Tue, 26 May 2015 10:33:03


* Created a new mindmap in xmind named _POPRefresher.xmind_ to do what I have been wanting to do for long. i.e to note down whatever new cool things that I learn so that I can refresh it all at once at a later time and it'll stay in my mind!
* Also, xmind's shortcut to **collapse** is **/** and to **expand** it is **\* ** conveniently situated on the numpad. 

Tue, 26 May 2015 10:52:37

-------------------------------------
**IDEA**
========================================

* Place a camera on my cubicle facing the door. Write a state machine which will :
* If any activity (moving object) is found,
    - call the face detector to see if there are any faces.
        + if yes, then speak out **somebody is here**
            * call the **face recognizer** to recognize who it is.
                - if recognized, speak out **Oh! it is xxx**
                    + Ask how are you doing today if that person came here today for the first time. If not say something else.
                - if not recoznized, use the face image to update the **Anytime Deep face learner** with the new sample.
        + if not, try to run the **ASEF filter** for a fast search for a pair of eyes or some other routine to find **what kind of an activity it was**. A cat just passed? The door just shut? or what?!

-----------------------------------------------    



Tue, 26 May 2015 17:31:13
=============================

Learning about Caffe and how to create a Deep Learning system. FOllowing the _DIY Deep Learning for Vision-a Hands-On Tutorial with Caffe_ (notes on POPRefresher.xmind) 

* Yangqing (Creator of Caffe) is hosting a tutorial in CVPR15 (June 7) which seems to be pretty interesting and useful! I will wait for the slides and materials to be posted. I'm not in a position to attend it. 
* Came across **Deep belief SDK** which seemed to be good and has support for running the SDK on mobile devices as well as Linux, Windows and MAC.seems like an unsupervised system unlike Caffe(?!). 